Current idea:
  Positioning:
    - Wipe/discard data on boot -- maybe a persistent mode keeping the data for server purposes?
    - Generate (or restore from config) node uuid (random-generated)
    - Connect to bootstrap node (hint: simple-peer-bootstrap)
    - Join with state "positioning"
    - Repeat until no nodes closer to my id
      - Query connected node for available nodes
      - Connect to node closest to my id
      - Discard old connection
    - Connect to node on my other side (before or after closest node), these 2 nodes are neighbours
    - Change state to "initializing", announce to neighbours
  Initializing:
    - Request neighbours to send all keys between them to self
    - Store all received from neighbours (TODO: what if not enough storage available)
    - Change state to "available", announce to neighbours (neighbours **may** break their connection)
  Runtime:
    Storage persistence:
      - Occasionally (daily?) request neighbours for keys between neighbours
      - Fetch keys that are new or have more height
    Low on storage:
      - Request lower neighbour to move to my lowest key + 1
      - Delete my lowest key
    Key request:
      - Destination = between self's neighbours (a.k.a. destination = self)
        - If key exists, respond with it's height and data
        - If key doesn't exist, respond with 404-ish
      - Destination = other
        - Redirect request to connected node closest to key
    Key placement:
      - Destination = self:
        - If key already exists, read it's height, increment, store new data
        - If doesn't exist: create new entry with height = 0
        - Broadcast new entry to neighbour if key between self and neighbour
      - Destination = other:
        - Delete key from local
        - Redirect placement to connected node closest to key
    Key deletion:
      - Destination = self:
        - If key already exists, read it's height, increment, mark deleted
        - If doesn't exist: create new entry with height = 0
        - Broadcast new entry to neighbour if key between self and neighbour
      - Destination = other:
        - Delete key from local
        - Redirect deletion to connected node closest to key
















legacy idea:
  - Multi-layer key-value DHT
    - Block allocation (malloc-ish)
    - B-tree
    - DHT for distribution
  - Possible issues:
    - delete from distributed
    - iterate over hashed keys (re-key using storage adapter?)
  - Even support existing databases by merging layers?
    - mysql/postgres are good at indexed lookups
    - storage+key layers can be replaced by leveldb instance

To achieve something like this, we need to define some separate layers (which
also implies we can produce multiple separate packages, making "keveat" only a
package to tie the components together & use the packages as stand-alone
solutions)

Storage layer:
  This layer is responsible for allocating N-byte blocks upon a storage medium.
  Whether that's sections of a block-device/file or whether that's separate
  files we should not care about, as long as it's interface is met.  The storage
  layer is also responsible for descerning between a fixed-size medium and a
  dynamic-size medium.

  Core methods:

    .constructor( options )

      Initializes a storage medium for usage with this library.  Options could
      include things like "file", "id_size", and others.

        Options:

          file      Indicates the path of the file or block-device to use for
                    storage.  This option may be different on different storage
                    layer implementations

          key_size  Sets the size of block identifiers to N bytes.  Downstream
                    packages (users of this layer) MUST NOT perform calculations
                    or assume any structure to these identifiers, allowing the
                    storage layer to freely structure these as long as the
                    interface provides them in the chosen size.

          init      How to handle opening the storage if the medium is (not)
                    found.

                    O_CREAT  Create a new medium.  The storage layer itself is
                             responsible for deciding whether the newly created
                             medium should be fixed-size, dynamically-sized or
                             something else.

                    O_ERROR  Throw an error if no initialized medium is found
                             using the given identifier.

    .head()

      Returns the block that is marked as HEAD block.  If no block is marked as
      head yet (or if it has been freed), an 'undefined' MUST be returned.

    .alloc( size )

      Allocates a block of N bytes on the storage medium and returns a reference
      to that block.

    .free( identifier )

      Frees a block referenced to by the identifier, essentially deleting it
      from usage and allowing the space on the storage medium to be re-used. If
      the storage layer is on top of a dynamic-sized storage medium like a file,
      the storage layer is responsible for truncating it to free up the space to
      the underlying storage system.

    .get( identifier )

      Retrieves a reference to the block with the given identifier, if it is
      allocated on the storage medium.  If no block is found using the given
      identifier, an 'undefined' MUST be returned.

    .stat()

      This method should return statistical information about the storage
      medium, like the amount of used space, the amount of free space, etc. The
      format for this response has not been defined yet.

  Reference methods:

    .read( position = 0, length = -1 )

      Read N bytes (default = all) from the block and return that as a buffer.
      If the start is beyond the end of the block, an out-of-range error should
      be thrown.  If length is given, but the end of the block is reached, a
      buffer smaller than the requested length is returned.

    .write( position = 0, length = -1, offset = 0, buffer )

      Writes up to N bytes to the block at the given position, starting at the
      offset within the buffer.  Returns the number of bytes written.

    .free()

      Frees the block on the storage medium, essentially deleting it from usage
      and allowing the space on the storage medium to be re-used.

    .markHead()

      Marks the referenced block as the HEAD block, allowing a direct fetch to
      it for later runs.  Only 1 marked block is allowed for a storage instance,
      providing an entry point for structured data stored by downstream layers.

Key-layer

  The key layer is responsible for mapping dynamic storage blocks into a
  key-value structure, essentially providing the core of the database.  This
  layer is also responsible for providing the B-tree structure or any other
  structure making the lookups fast itself, as the storage layer does not
  provide such functionality.

  Core methods:

    .constructor( options )

      Initializes the key layer with the given options.

      Options:

        storage   An initialized storage layer, providing the above-described
                  api.

    .put( key, value )

    .get( key )

    .delete( key )

    .createReadStream( options )

    .batch( operations )

Distribution layer

  The distribution layer handles connections to other nodes in the network,
  handles data distribution between nodes and adds another consistency layer to
  prevent a read stream from returning inconsistent states.

  Core methods:

    .constructor( options )

      Initializes the distribution layer with the given options.

      Options:

        level/kv   An initialized leveldb or key-layer instance, providing local
                   key-value storage.

        hash_keys  Boolean, indicating whether or not to hash the keys stored in
                   the network.  Hashing the keys provides better distribution,
                   but removes the ability to iterate over the stored keys.

    .put( key, value )

    .get( key )

    .delete( key )

    .createReadStream( options )

    .batch( operations )
